Fix OpenAPI overview page to show .NET 10 samples for aspnetcore-10.0 view (#36906)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/openapi/includes/overview-9.md

:::moniker range="aspnetcore-9.0"

ASP.NET Core supports the generation of OpenAPI documents in controller-based and Minimal API apps.
The [OpenAPI specification](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/latest.html) is a programming language-agnostic standard for documenting HTTP APIs. This standard is supported in ASP.NET Core apps through a combination of built-in APIs and open-source libraries. There are three key aspects to OpenAPI integration in an application:

* Generating information about the endpoints in the app.
* Gathering the information into a format that matches the OpenAPI schema.
* Exposing the generated OpenAPI document via a visual UI or a serialized file.

> ASP.NET Core apps provide built-in support for generating information about endpoints in an app via the `Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi` package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ASP.NET Core provides first-party support for generating information about endpoints in an app through the `Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi` package.
```

:::moniker range="aspnetcore-9.0"

ASP.NET Core supports the generation of OpenAPI documents in controller-based and Minimal APIs apps.
The [OpenAPI specification](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/latest.html) is a programming language-agnostic standard for documenting HTTP APIs. This standard is supported in ASP.NET Core apps through a combination of built-in APIs and open-source libraries. There are three key aspects to OpenAPI integration in an application:

* Generating information about the endpoints in the app.
* Gathering the information into a format that matches the OpenAPI schema.
* Exposing the generated OpenAPI document via a visual UI or a serialized file.

> ASP.NET Core apps provide built-in support for generating information about endpoints in an app via the `Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi` package.

Reviewer: Good points all.  Here is what I came up with to address this:
ASP.NET Core provides first-party support for generating information about endpoints in an app through the `Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi` package.
